a meeting of two clubs in real format
dams and park League leaders Birmingham
up against a man city side that had
enjoyed four consecutive victories in
all competitions prior to the
international break the hosts could and
should have gone in front through either
one of two great chances for Hana
Carioca please early on the first wasn't
entirely straightforward to be fair
having arrived on the volley after City
had failed to deal with the corner but
her second chance was altogether clearer
and perfect cross from Kirsty Linnet not
matched by the header head in hands all
in stands so when they went at halftime
with the game scoreless but within a
couple of minutes of the restart Blues
grabbed the lead they deserved
Kirsty Linnet evaded the challenge from
Steph Horton and finished clinically for
her fifth goal and leaving Cup this term
mad City almost found the perfect
response Isabel Christensen's touch
setting up Jill Scott but the shot was
disappointingly off target at the other
end Steph Hortons defending returned to
its usual excellent standard soon after
Karen Kearney started the Birmingham
move and Vera neat exchange with Kirsty
linen she very nearly finished it -
perfect timing though from the England
skipper kept the deficit down to one
desperate to keep their good run going
City came close to finding the equalizer
soon after keep her Becky Spence punched
the deep cross back out here but only as
far as Betsy has it so nearly 1:1 City
unlucky and just a minute or so later
more woodwork action or bid in rather
stranger circumstances city's Natasha
Flint was looking for a team mate to
pick out here but birmingham's Jade more
intervened and was a fraction away from
a bizarre own goal relief for more
who've given the ball away in the first
place with 11 minutes to play Chelsea
Western provided the inviting cross for
Karis Herot to seal the points for
Birmingham whose unbeaten start for the
league season rolls on after five games
played
they're three points clear at the top